welcome back to movie reviews
today i am going to show you a comedy
titled that's my boy spoilers ahead
watch out and take care
opening in the year 1984 15 year old
outgoing and rebellious child donnie
burger brags to his friends about
scoring tickets to van halen one of the
friends suggests taking a girl who they
think is cute but dani declares he's not
into girls anymore he's into women ms
mcgarricle the essentially hot teacher
is seen walking through the halls of the
school attracting the attention of many
young boys
dani makes a very stupid move trying to
hit on her by inviting her to the
concert and asking for a hand job
resulting in a month's worth of
detention by ms mcgarrickle in detention
however ms mcgarricle comes on to dani a
very obviously inexperienced virgin and
invites him into her office where his
friend can hear the action
we see that this affair continues over
several occasions culminating during a
school assembly where they are caught
having sex behind the stage curtain as
ms mcgarricle runs away embarrassed the
entire student body and a few faculty
members begin applauding donnie then
give him a standing ovation as he runs
up front and embraces his victory
miss mcgarricle is put on trial for
statutory rape having sex with a minor
where the judge sentences her to 30
years in jail because the affair has
resulted in a pregnancy
donny's dad is pissed because the baby
will be in his custody as a result of
this scandal dani becomes a nationwide
sensation getting a deal for a tv movie
and becoming an overall celebrity
present-day dani meets with a man named
jim nance who informs dani that he owes
the irs 43 000 after skipping taxes
since 1994.
they both talk about dani son whom he
hasn't seen since he moved out jim
suggests donnie get him to help but he
doesn't think that'll do anything
jim also tells dani about an obese man
running in a marathon and the odds on
him are eight thousand to one dani then
bets twenty dollars on him
in the next scene we are introduced to
todd and his fiance jamie he is so
nervous about her overbearing and
annoying parents coming over that he
even has a spare pair of underpants with
him
she tells him to relax
donnie goes to a strip club and talks to
waitress bree and stripper champale he
sees a magazine with his son's picture
now very slim and having changed his
name to todd peterson and even making up
a story that his parents died in an
explosion
dani learns that his son is getting
married and that he is a successful
hedge fund manager
meanwhile dani goes to see a guy named
randall morgan for money he bumps into
vanilla ice who hates dani for sleeping
with his mom
they get into a fight until randall
breaks it up
he meets with dani privately and tells
him that he is no longer relevant like
he was when he was a kid so donnie
schemes to get his name back out there
while scoring some money randall tells
him to get his son to come with them to
the prison where his mother is for a
reunion special and donnie will get 50
000. todd takes jamie and her family to
stay at his boss's house
as they are having lunch donnie appears
and freaks todd out he pretends donnie
is his old friend giving donnie the
opportunity to come up with an
outrageous story about how he saved his
life which the family seems to believe
todd pulls donny into a room to talk to
him about how he was an awful father and
he needs to go away so he won't ruin his
wedding but dani asks todd to give him a
chance as well as going to see his
mother in prison making up a story about
how she is terminally ill
todd tells him to wear a tie for a
cocktail party that's about to happen
dani puts on a tie but looks as informal
as he can
he does manage to make an impression on
steve and his mother along with other
guests he tells the guests about the
made-up story about saving todd he also
meets a co-worker of todd's named phil
and his wife phil admits that he had no
idea why todd picked him as the best man
so he passes it to dani
dani then notices a baseball field
nearby and has everybody go play this
makes todd nervous because he can't play
sports and it shows as he gets hit in
the throat during the game
that night donnie hears jaime yelling at
todd to get the cake showing how whipped
he is
dani sees him in the shower wearing a
swimsuit revealing an old tattoo of new
kids on the block with warped heads
which dani finds hysterical they
suddenly get into a tickle fight which
becomes awkward when donnie waves his
boner in todd's face
chad comes in and thinks they're
wrestling so he starts wrestling todd
only to get knocked out by a bottle
later he whacks off to steve's mom who
used to be a model he admits to being
turned on by the old woman now as
opposed to the picture of her younger
self
in the morning she and todd find all the
used tissues on his bed
everybody goes to church for a rehearsal
with father mcnally he says he is sorry
todd's dad couldn't be there and todd
says he deserved his imaginary fate of
dying at a car explosion mcnally berates
him for speaking of his father like that
when he didn't abuse him so todd insults
him
this leads to a fight outside and todd
getting his ass kicked until dany knocks
out the priest with a bottle the family
is pissed at todd for provoking the
priest but dani saves him by telling the
family that todd had a bad experience
with churches after his dad's death so
he is forgiven and they decide to have
the wedding at steve's home as they are
preparing at the home nani learns that
there will be a bachelor party it turns
out phil booked a party at a men's
treatment spa bringing donnie todd chad
steve and jamie's dad gerald
donny hates the place because he is not
getting pleasures even trying to
proposition the masseuse
he decides to take the guys to the strip
club
where they all get drunk and get lap
dances brie appears and tells todd she
knows he is dani's son but it'll be a
secret
chad steve and gerald go home while phil
gets head from a stripper
donny and todd leave to bond
dani gives todd an earring that ms
mcgarrick gave him though he makes him
bleed while putting it in
they run into vanilla eyes who was known
to todd as uncle v as a kid working at a
skating rink dani apologizes to ice for
sleeping with his mom and he forgives
him they then go into the rink after
smoking a bong messing with the skaters
along with todd bridges who also works
there they go to a convenience store and
drink beer without paying and get chased
by the clerk with a shotgun though he
joins them in creating chaos as well
including stealing a little girl's bike
to teach todd how to ride even though he
hits a car and interrupts an old couple
having sex
they return home and dani tells todd he
loves him but todd doesn't appear to
feel that way about him yet ice passes
out on the front lawn as they go inside
dani ends up having sex with steve's mom
while todd sees jamie's wedding dress
thinking it's her and starts humping it
he wakes up to jamie screaming about the
dress covered in puke along with semen
which jamie discovers after licking it
she yells at todd and tells him to send
the dress to the dry cleaners and to
take off the earring ice then comes in
after hearing the commotion then goes
back to banging steve's mom donnie makes
jamie's family and the two chinese
servants breakfast when he gets a call
from todd
he tells him that he left donnie a
present and is going to see his mom in
prison
donnie rushes to stop him but ms
mcgarricle is already coming to talk to
todd and donnie
she is still in love with donny and he
still wants her back that's when randall
and his crew come in and take the
reunion which angers todd as he realizes
what's really going on
he leaves but not before hitting donny
and getting tasered and he craps his
pants because todd didn't sign the
release form dani will not get paid dani
goes home and hears jamie on the phone
with steve learning that she is cheating
he goes to the rehearsal dinner at night
and tries telling todd but she manages
to make up a cover story he leaves again
shamed
as jamie and chad leave kenny a very
creepy guy who goes to the strip joint
tells dani to go after jaime and try and
win her forgiveness he gets into the
hotel room after the clerks recognize
him as the kid who banged his teacher he
goes up with two ice cream cones when he
hears jaime having sex
after sneaking in through the window he
discovers that jaime is having sex with
none other than
chad
donny is understandably grossed out
telling chad he is a disgrace as a
marine until jaime says that he only
buys those outfits so their dad won't
find out he's a jazz dancer
dani starts leaving to tell todd but
jamie says she will give him money to
keep his mouth shut
donnie calls jim and tells him that he
got the money but he opens todd's gift
and discovers it's an oven mitt puppet
from his childhood this inspires donnie
to move on and stop the wedding he
rounds up eyes and they get to the
wedding in time that's when donnie and
todd reveal that they are father and son
and donny rips jamie's check saying he'd
rather go to prison than take her money
he forces her to tell todd about her
affair with chad through a whisper but
todd is so grossed out that he blurts it
out to everybody and donnie reveals she
is also sleeping with steve jamie grabs
a cake knife and starts running toward
todd but donnie knocks her out with a
bottle chad tries to attack but he is
knocked out by father mcnally donny todd
and ice leave together
sometime later donnie and todd are
having a little going to jail party at
the strip club
todd is now with brie and dani accepts
that he'll be going to jail for three
years because by then miss mcgarricle
will be done with her sentence and they
can get together again just then jim
comes in and tells dani that the fat guy
they bet on is running the marathon
since dani placed the bet the money
would come to 160 000
the patrons all cheer him on as the fat
guy wins the marathon and therefore dani
will now have enough to avoid prison
make sure to subscribe and turn on post
notifications so you can watch more
videos like this thanks for watching